In Pokémon Go, Gyarados is generally considered what to obtain- it must be evolved from a Magikarp (much like other Pokémon games) and requires 400 Magikarp candies to evolve, more than any other Pokémon in the game?

Originally called `` Gyarados '' in Japanese, what decided to give the various Pokémon species `` clever and descriptive names '' related to their appearance or features when translating the game for western audiences as a means to make the characters more relatable to American childre?

In Pokémon Go, Gyarados is generally considered one of the most difficult Pokémon to obtain- it must be evolved from a Magikarp (much like other Pokémon games) and requires what to evolve, more than any other Pokémon in the game?

Known as the Atrocious Pokémon, Gyarados is the evolved form of Magikarp and it is well known in what for its fierce temper as well as its reputation for causing nothing but destruction so much so that once it has worked itself into a frenzy, it will not calm down until everything around it has been destroyed?

Created by Ken Sugimori, Gyarados first appeared in what , later appearing in various merchandise, spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise?

It has what?

IGN commented that what was Pokémon Snap , citing one of their `` favorite experiences '' as where the player can throw Pester Balls at a Magikarp to make it evolve into Gyarados and attack the player?

A Shiny red Gyarados and its Mega Evolved form has been under ownership and usage by Team Flare Mastermind Lysandre until it, along with who , are killed in Forming a More Perfect Union?

The player has one chance to catch it, (but in HeartGold and SoulSilver, it will come back after the player defeats the Elite Four) and the incident triggers what?

Gyarados was one of 151 different designs conceived by Game Freak 's character development team and finalized by Ken Sugimori for what?

Was A red Gyarados the leader of a group of Gyarados?

Has The player one chance to catch it , ( but in HeartGold and SoulSilver , it will come back after the player defeats the Elite Four ) and the incident triggers the battle against Team Rocket in the Rocket Hideout in Mahogany Town?

Was IGN commented that a Pokémon game better than Black and White Pokémon Snap , citing one of their `` favorite experiences '' as where the player can throw Pester Balls at a Magikarp to make it evolve into Gyarados and attack the player?

Is Gyarados found uncommonly when fishing with a Super Rod , and evolves from Magikarp when gaining enough experience in battle?

Was It on a destructive rampage until Lance captured it?

Is In Pokémon Go, Gyarados generally considered one of the most easy Pokémon to obtain- it must be evolved from a Magikarp (much like other Pokémon games) and requires 400 Magikarp candies to evolve, more than any other Pokémon in the game?

Did created by Ken Sugimori, Gyarados first appeared in the video games Pokémon Red and Pokemon Green and subsequent sequels, later appearing in various merchandise, spinoff titles and animated and printed adaptations of the franchise?

Did gyarados not one of 151 different designs conceived by Game Freak 's character development team and finalized by Ken Sugimori for the first generation of Pocket Monsters games Red and Green, which were localized outside Japan as Pokémon Red and Blue?

Did originally called `` Gyarados '' in Japanese, Nintendo decided to give the various Pokémon species `` clever and descriptive names '' related to their appearance or features when translating the game for western audiences as a means to make the characters more relatable to American children?

Did ign commented that a Pokémon game better than Black and White not Pokémon Snap, citing one of their `` favorite experiences '' as where the player can throw Pester Balls at a Magikarp to make it evolve into Gyarados and attack the player?

num questions: 20
